README.md, before:

# 👋 Hey there, I'm Neeraj

This is my space on the internet where I build stuff, break stuff, and learn along the way.

I’m into code, creativity, and making things that actually work. Right now, I’m focused on app development, learning new tech, and solving real-world problems with clean, functional code.

---

## 🚀 About Me
- 🧠 Always curious, always learning — tech is my playground.
- 💻 Currently diving deep into **Python**, **C**, and **App Development**.
- 📱 Building simple apps with clean code and creative UI.
- 🎯 Goal: Become a skilled **developer** who builds tools that actually matter.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

> Currently exploring: **App Dev**, **GitHub Actions**, and **Python Automation** 🔥

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats (Because... why not?)
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NERUZ-XOD&show_icons=true&theme=radical" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NERUZ-XOD&layout=compact&theme=dark&count_private=true" />
</p>

---

## #30NitesOfCode:
  [Check out my progress!](https://www.codedex.io/@NERUZ/30-nites-of-code)  
  ![@NERUZ #30NitesOfCode](https://www.codedex.io/api/petStatus?user=NERUZ)

---

## 🤝 Let’s Connect
- 📫 Reach me at: `neerajm2k7@gmail.com`
- 🌐 Portfolio: https://neerajm.me/

---

Commit message:

Revise README.md for clarity and updates
Updated personal introduction, tech stack, and GitHub stats sections in README.md. Enhanced descriptions of development focus and AI integration.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hey there, I'm Neeraj

Welcome to my corner of the internet — where I vibe-code, experiment with AI, break things, fix things, and build apps faster than ever.

I’m part of the new generation of developers who build **with AI first**.
Recently, I shipped a complete app **without writing a single line of code myself** — fully AI-built from start to finish.

---

## 🚀 About Me

* 🤖 **AI-native developer** — I build using agentic coding workflows.
* 🧠 Always learning, always curious — creativity > complexity.
* ⚡ 100% **vibe-coded** projects — fast prototypes, real results.
* 📱 Currently focused on **app development** and AI-assisted tools.
* 🎯 Goal: Create products that actually help people.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

I work across both traditional and AI-assisted development:

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge\&logo=python\&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge\&logo=c\&logoColor=white)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge\&logo=html5\&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge\&logo=css3\&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge\&logo=git\&logoColor=white)

> Exploring **AI coding agents**, **Next.js**, **Supabase**, and app dev workflows powered entirely by AI.

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NERUZ-XOD&show_icons=true&theme=radical" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NERUZ-XOD&layout=compact&theme=dark&count_private=true" />
</p>

---

## 🎉 #30NitesOfCode

Completed months ago — but here’s the relic:

[Check out my challenge log](https://www.codedex.io/@NERUZ/30-nites-of-code)
![@NERUZ #30NitesOfCode](https://www.codedex.io/api/petStatus?user=NERUZ)

---

## 🤝 Let’s Connect

* 📫 Email: `neerajm2k7@gmail.com`
* 🌐 Portfolio: [https://neerajm.me/](https://neerajm.me/)
